docs/pages/install.md, before:

# Installation

<p class="uk-text-lead">Download the UIkit files and include them in your HTML pages.</p>

## Download

You have the following options to get UIkit:

- Download the [latest release](https://github.com/uikit/uikit/releases/latest) with pre-built JavaScript and CSS.
- Install with [Bower](https://bower.io) to get the pre-built JavaScript, CSS and the Less source file. This is recommended when using UIkit for a typical web project: ```bower install uikit```
- Clone the repo to get all source files including build scripts: `git clone git://github.com/uikit/uikit.git`
- Install with [Npm](https://npmjs.com) to get all source files as they are available on Github: ```npm install uikit```

All versions of UIkit are also hosted on the Cloudflare content delivery network via [cdnjs.com](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/uikit).

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/uikit/3.0.0-beta.2/css/uikit.min.css" />
<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/uikit/3.0.0-beta.2/js/uikit.min.js"></script>
```

***

## File structure of the Github project

UIkit is built on [Less](http://lesscss.org), a CSS preprocessor, which adds variables, mixins and much more to CSS. It compiles code written in Less into CSS. The main file structure of UIkit is as follows.

| Folder   | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| `/src`   | Contains all Less and JavaScript component files. |
| `/dist`  | Contains the compiled CSS and concatenated JS files, updated on every release. |
| `/tests` | Contains HTML test files of all components. |


***

## Compile UIkit from the Github source

To compile UIkit yourself, you can use the included build scripts.

```sh
npm install
npm run compile
```

The compiled dist folder now contains additional files, which are not checked in by default. You will find `uikit-core.min.js` and `uikit-core.min.css` which contain only core components, plus the JavaScript sources of the single additional components. The build task will create even more additional files if you have added a [custom UIkit theme](theme.md).

```html
/dist/css

    <!-- UIkit default theme with all components included -->
    uikit.css
    uikit.min.css

    <!-- UIkit default theme with with style for core components only -->
    uikit-core.css
    uikit-core.min.css

/dist/images

    <!--Includes images for icons, backgrounds and additional components -->

/dist/js

    <!-- JavaScript of UIkit core and ALL components -->
    uikit.js
    uikit.min.js

    <!-- JavaScript of core functionality, without additional components -->
    uikit-core.js
    uikit-core.min.js

    <!-- Advanced components, only needed when including uikit-core.min.js -->
    /components
```

***

## Learn how to get started

When you have installed UIkit, you need to [include the files](introduction.md#html-markup) in your own HTML and then you can use any of the components listed here in the docs.

Commit message:

wording of getting started docs. added version number to cdn links.

docs/pages/install.md, after:

# Installation

<p class="uk-text-lead">Learn where to download and how to compile the UIkit sources.</p>

## Download

You have the following options to get UIkit:

- Download the [latest release](https://github.com/uikit/uikit/releases/latest) with pre-built JavaScript and CSS.
- Install with [Bower](https://bower.io) to get the pre-built JavaScript, CSS and the Less source file. This is recommended when using UIkit for a typical web project: ```bower install uikit```
- Clone the repo to get all source files including build scripts: `git clone git://github.com/uikit/uikit.git`
- Install with [Npm](https://npmjs.com) to get all source files as they are available on Github: ```npm install uikit```

All versions of UIkit are also hosted on the Cloudflare content delivery network via [cdnjs.com](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/uikit).

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/uikit/[uikit-version]/css/uikit.min.css" />
<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/uikit/[uikit-version]/js/uikit.min.js"></script>
```

***

## File structure of the source

The Github project contains all sources files which can be compiled into the `dist` folder. [Less](http://lesscss.org) sources are compiled into CSS files, JavaScript sources are concatenated and images are combined into SVG sprites.

| Folder   | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| `/src`   | Contains all Less, JavaScript and image sources. |
| `/dist`  | Contains compiled CSS, concatenated JS and combined images, updated on every release. |
| `/tests` | Contains HTML test files of all components. |

***

## Compile from Github source

To compile UIkit yourself, you can use the included build scripts.

```sh
npm install
npm run compile
```

The compiled `dist` folder now contains additional files, which are not checked in by default. The build task will create even more additional files if you have added a [custom UIkit theme](theme.md).

```html
/dist/css

    <!-- UIkit's CSS -->
    uikit.css
    uikit.min.css

    <!-- UIkit's core styles, without the default theme -->
    uikit-core.css
    uikit-core.min.css

/dist/images

    <!-- Contains all the images used within UIkit (e.g. icons). -->

/dist/js

    <!-- UIkit's JavaScript -->
    uikit.js
    uikit.min.js

    <!-- Stripped down JavaScript. Core functionality without additional components -->
    uikit-core.js
    uikit-core.min.js

    <!-- Additional components (e.g. Lightbox), only needed when including uikit-core.js -->
    /components
```

To use UIkit's CSS and JavaScript, [include the files](introduction.md#html-markup) in your own HTML and then create the markup of any of the components listed here in the docs.

<script>
$.get("https://getuikit.com/assets/uikit/package.json", {nocache: Math.random()}, data => {
    $("pre").each(function(i) {
        $(this).html($(this).html().replace(/\[uikit-version\]/g, data.version));
    });
}, 'json');
</script>
