docs/pages/padding.md, before:

# Padding

<p class="uk-text-lead">A collection of utility classes to add spacing between elements and their content.</p>

## Usage

To apply this component, add one of the following classes to a block element.

| Class               | Description                          |
|---------------------|--------------------------------------|
| `.uk-padding`       | Adds default padding to the element. |
| `.uk-padding-small` | Adds small padding to the element.   |
| `.uk-padding-large` | Adds large padding to the element.   |

```html
<div class="uk-padding"></div>
```

```example
<div class="uk-padding uk-background-muted uk-width-1-2@s">
    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.
</div>
```

***

## Remove padding

In some cases you want to remove padding from an element, rather than adding it. To do so, apply one of the following classes.

| Class                           | Description                                     |
|---------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| `.uk-padding-remove`            | Removes all padding from an element.            |
| `.uk-padding-remove-top`        | Removes top padding from an element.            |
| `.uk-padding-remove-bottom`     | Removes bottom padding from an element.         |
| `.uk-padding-remove-vertical`   | Removes top and bottom padding from an element. |
| `.uk-padding-remove-horizontal` | Removes left and right padding from an element. |

Commit message:

margin and padding docs updated

docs/pages/padding.md, after:

# Padding

<p class="uk-text-lead">A collection of utility classes to add spacing between elements and their content.</p>

## Usage

To apply this component, add one of the following classes to a block element.

| Class               | Description                          |
|---------------------|--------------------------------------|
| `.uk-padding`       | Adds default padding to the element. |
| `.uk-padding-small` | Adds small padding to the element.   |
| `.uk-padding-large` | Adds large padding to the element.   |

```html
<div class="uk-padding"></div>
```

```example
<div class="uk-padding uk-background-muted uk-width-1-2@s">
    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.
</div>
```

***

## Remove padding

In some cases you want to remove padding from an element, rather than adding it. To do so, apply one of the following classes.

| Class                           | Description                                     |
|---------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| `.uk-padding-remove`            | Removes all padding from an element.            |
| `.uk-padding-remove-top`        | Removes top padding from an element.            |
| `.uk-padding-remove-bottom`     | Removes bottom padding from an element.         |
| `.uk-padding-remove-left`       | Removes left padding from an element.           |
| `.uk-padding-remove-right`      | Removes right padding from an element.          |
| `.uk-padding-remove-vertical`   | Removes top and bottom padding from an element. |
| `.uk-padding-remove-horizontal` | Removes left and right padding from an element. |
