docs/pages/scroll.md, before:

# Scroll

<p class="uk-text-lead">Scroll smoothly when jumping to different sections on a page.</p>

## Usage

Simply add the `uk-scroll` attribute to any page-internal link that contains a URL fragment to add the smooth scrolling behavior.

```html
<a href="#my-id" uk-scroll></a>
```

```example
<a class="uk-button uk-button-primary" href="#target" uk-scroll>Scroll down</a>
```

***

## Callback after scroll

To receive a callback when scrolling has completed, you can listen to the `scrolled` event on the link element that triggered the scrolling.

```html
<a id="scroll-trigger" href="#my-id" uk-scroll></a>
```

```js
$('#scroll-trigger').on('scrolled', function () {
    alert('Done.');
});
```

```example
<a id="scroll-trigger" class="uk-button uk-button-primary" href="#target" uk-scroll>Down with callback</a>

<script>
    jQuery(function ($) {
        $('#scroll-trigger').on('scrolled', function () {
            alert('Done.');
        });
    });
</script>
```

***

## Component options

Any of these options can be applied to the component attribute. Separate multiple options with a semicolon. [Learn more](javascript.md#component-configuration)

| Option | Value | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `duration` | Number | `1000` | Animation duration in milliseconds. |
| `easing` | String | `easeOutExpo` | Easing function for the transition. Usable if you have the optional [easing plugin](http://gsgd.co.uk/sandbox/jquery/easing/) loaded on your page. |
| `offset` | Number | `0` | Pixel offset added to scroll top. |

## JavaScript

Learn more about [JavaScript components](javascript.md#programmatic-use).

### Initialization

```js
UIkit.scroll(element, options);
```

<div style="height: 2000px;"></div>

<a id="target" class="uk-button uk-button-primary" href="#top" uk-scroll>Scroll up</a>

### Methods

These methods are available on the component.

#### ScrollTo

```js
UIkit.scroll(element).scrollTo(el);
```

Scroll to the given element.

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `el` | Node, Selector | undefined | The element to scroll to.|

Commit message:

add events section to scroll

docs/pages/scroll.md, after:

# Scroll

<p class="uk-text-lead">Scroll smoothly when jumping to different sections on a page.</p>

## Usage

Simply add the `uk-scroll` attribute to any page-internal link that contains a URL fragment to add the smooth scrolling behavior.

```html
<a href="#my-id" uk-scroll></a>
```

```example
<a class="uk-button uk-button-primary" href="#target" uk-scroll>Scroll down</a>
```

***

## Callback after scroll

To receive a callback when scrolling has completed, you can listen to the `scrolled` event on the link element that triggered the scrolling.

```html
<a id="scroll-trigger" href="#my-id" uk-scroll></a>
```

```js
$('#scroll-trigger').on('scrolled', function () {
    alert('Done.');
});
```

```example
<a id="scroll-trigger" class="uk-button uk-button-primary" href="#target" uk-scroll>Down with callback</a>

<script>
    jQuery(function ($) {
        $('#scroll-trigger').on('scrolled', function () {
            alert('Done.');
        });
    });
</script>
```

***

## Component options

Any of these options can be applied to the component attribute. Separate multiple options with a semicolon. [Learn more](javascript.md#component-configuration)

| Option | Value | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `duration` | Number | `1000` | Animation duration in milliseconds. |
| `easing` | String | `easeOutExpo` | Easing function for the transition. Usable if you have the optional [easing plugin](http://gsgd.co.uk/sandbox/jquery/easing/) loaded on your page. |
| `offset` | Number | `0` | Pixel offset added to scroll top. |

## JavaScript

Learn more about [JavaScript components](javascript.md#programmatic-use).

### Initialization

```js
UIkit.scroll(element, options);
```

<div style="height: 2000px;"></div>

<a id="target" class="uk-button uk-button-primary" href="#top" uk-scroll>Scroll up</a>

### Events

These events will be triggered on elements with this component attached.

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `beforescroll` | Fires before scroll begins. Can prevent scrolling by returning `false`. |
| `scrolled` | Fires after scrolling is finished. |


### Methods

These methods are available on the component.

#### ScrollTo

```js
UIkit.scroll(element).scrollTo(el);
```

Scroll to the given element.

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `el` | Node, Selector | undefined | The element to scroll to.|
