docs/pages/tab.md, before:

# Tab

<p class="uk-text-lead">Create a tabbed navigation with different styles.</p>

## Usage

The tab component consists of clickable tabs, that are aligned side by side in a list. Its JavaScript functionality extends the [Switcher component](switcher.md) and is necessary to dynamically transition through different contents using the tabbed navigation.

| Class/Attribute | Description                                                                                                          |
|:----------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `uk-tab`        | Add this attribute to a `<ul>` element to define the Tab component. Use `<a>` elements as tab items within the list. |
| `.uk-active `   | Add this class to a list item to apply an active state.                                                              |
| `.uk-disabled ` | Add this class to a list item to apply a disabled state. Also remove the `href` attribute from the anchor to make it inaccessible through keyboard navigation. |

```html
<ul uk-tab>
    <li class="uk-active"><a href=""></a></li>
    <li><a href=""></a></li>
    <li class="uk-disabled"><a></a></li>
</ul>
```

```example
<ul uk-tab>
    <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Left</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    <li class="uk-disabled"><a>Disabled</a></li>
</ul>
```

***

## Bottom modifier

Add the `.uk-tab-bottom` class to flip tab items to the bottom.

```html
<ul class="uk-tab-bottom" uk-tab>...</ul>
```

```example
<ul class="uk-tab-bottom" uk-tab>
    <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Left</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
</ul>
```

***

## Left/Right modifiers

Add the `.uk-tab-left` or `.uk-tab-right` class to align tabs vertically to the left or right side. To save space, the alignment automatically switches back to horizontal when the viewport width goes below 960px.

When using the vertical alignment, you will usually create a grid to apply the layout as seen in the [Switcher example](switcher.md#vertical-tabs).

```html
<ul class="uk-tab-left" uk-tab>...</ul>

<ul class="uk-tab-right" uk-tab>...</ul>
```

```example
<div class="uk-child-width-1-2@s" uk-grid>
    <div>
        <ul class="uk-tab-left" uk-tab>
            <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Left</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        </ul>
    </div>

    <div>
        <ul class="uk-tab-right" uk-tab>
            <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Right</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        </ul>
    </div>
</div>
```

***

### Responsive

To change the default breakpoint between the vertical and horizontal alignment, just apply the `media` option to the attribute with the appropriate viewport width. Add a number in pixel, for example `media: 640`, or a breakpoint, for example `media: @m`.

```html
<ul class="uk-tab-left" uk-tab="media: @s">...</ul>
```

***

## Alignment

You can combine tabs with the [Flex component](flex.md) or the [Width component](width.md) to modify the alignment of the navigations.

```html
<ul class="uk-flex-right" uk-tab>...</ul>
```

```example
<div class="uk-margin-medium-top">
    <ul class="uk-flex-center" uk-tab>
        <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Center</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    </ul>
</div>

<div>
    <ul class="uk-flex-right" uk-tab>
        <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Right</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    </ul>
</div>

<div>
    <ul class="uk-child-width-expand" uk-tab>
        <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Justify</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    </ul>
</div>
```

***

## Tabs and Dropdown

Tabs can be used to trigger a dropdown menu from the [Dropdown component](dropdown.md).

```html
<ul uk-tab>
    <li>

        <!-- This is the menu item toggling the dropdown -->
        <a href=""></a>

        <!-- This is the dropdown -->
        <div uk-dropdown="mode: click">
            <ul class="uk-nav uk-dropdown-nav">...</ul>
        </div>

    </li>
</ul>
```

```example
<ul uk-tab>
    <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Active</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    <li>
        <a href="#">More <span class="uk-margin-small-left" uk-icon="icon: triangle-down"></span></a>
        <div uk-dropdown="mode: click">
            <ul class="uk-nav uk-dropdown-nav">
                <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Active</a></li>
                <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
                <li class="uk-nav-header">Header</li>
                <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
                <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
                <li class="uk-nav-divider"></li>
                <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
    </li>
</ul>
```

***

## Component options

Any of these options can be applied to the component attribute. Separate multiple options with a semicolon. [Learn more](javascript.md#component-configuration)

| Option      | Value           | Default | Description                                                                                               |
|:------------|:----------------|:--------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `connect`   | CSS selector    | `false` | Related item's container. By default, this is the next element with the 'uk-switcher' class.              |
| `toggle `   | CSS selector    | `> *`   | The toggle selector, which triggers content switching on click.                                           |
| `active `   | Number          | `0`     | Active index on init. Providing a negative number indicates a position starting from the end of the set.  |
| `animation` | String          | `false` | The space separated names of animations to use. Comma separate for animation out.                         |
| `duration`  | Number          | `200`   | The animation duration.                                                                                   |
| `swiping`   | Boolean         | `true`  | Use swiping.                                                                                              |
| `media`     | Integer, String | `960`   | When to switch to horizontal mode - a width as integer (e.g. 640) or a breakpoint (e.g. @s, @m, @l, @xl) or any valid media query (e.g. (min-width: 900px)). |

***

## JavaScript

Learn more about [JavaScript components](javascript.md#programmatic-use).

### Initialization

```js
UIkit.tab(element, options);
```

### Events

The following events will be triggered on the connected items of the elements with this component attached:

| Name         | Description                                                              |
|:-------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `beforeshow` | Fires before an item is shown. Can prevent showing by returning `false`. |
| `show`       | Fires after an item is shown.                                            |
| `shown`      | Fires after the item's show animation has completed.                     |
| `beforehide` | Fires before an item is hidden. Can prevent hiding by returning `false`. |
| `hide`       | Fires after an item's hide animation has started.                        |
| `hidden`     | Fires after an item is hidden.                                           |

### Methods

The following methods are available for the component:

#### Show

```js
UIkit.tab(element).show(index);
```

Shows the Tab item with given index.

| Name    | Type                  | Default | Description                      |
|:--------|:----------------------|:--------|:---------------------------------|
| `index` | String, Integer, Node | 0       | Tab item to show. 0 based index. |

Commit message:

Fix event docs. Resolves uikit/uikit#3908

docs/pages/tab.md, after:

# Tab

<p class="uk-text-lead">Create a tabbed navigation with different styles.</p>

## Usage

The tab component consists of clickable tabs, that are aligned side by side in a list. Its JavaScript functionality extends the [Switcher component](switcher.md) and is necessary to dynamically transition through different contents using the tabbed navigation.

| Class/Attribute | Description                                                                                                          |
|:----------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `uk-tab`        | Add this attribute to a `<ul>` element to define the Tab component. Use `<a>` elements as tab items within the list. |
| `.uk-active `   | Add this class to a list item to apply an active state.                                                              |
| `.uk-disabled ` | Add this class to a list item to apply a disabled state. Also remove the `href` attribute from the anchor to make it inaccessible through keyboard navigation. |

```html
<ul uk-tab>
    <li class="uk-active"><a href=""></a></li>
    <li><a href=""></a></li>
    <li class="uk-disabled"><a></a></li>
</ul>
```

```example
<ul uk-tab>
    <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Left</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    <li class="uk-disabled"><a>Disabled</a></li>
</ul>
```

***

## Bottom modifier

Add the `.uk-tab-bottom` class to flip tab items to the bottom.

```html
<ul class="uk-tab-bottom" uk-tab>...</ul>
```

```example
<ul class="uk-tab-bottom" uk-tab>
    <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Left</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
</ul>
```

***

## Left/Right modifiers

Add the `.uk-tab-left` or `.uk-tab-right` class to align tabs vertically to the left or right side. To save space, the alignment automatically switches back to horizontal when the viewport width goes below 960px.

When using the vertical alignment, you will usually create a grid to apply the layout as seen in the [Switcher example](switcher.md#vertical-tabs).

```html
<ul class="uk-tab-left" uk-tab>...</ul>

<ul class="uk-tab-right" uk-tab>...</ul>
```

```example
<div class="uk-child-width-1-2@s" uk-grid>
    <div>
        <ul class="uk-tab-left" uk-tab>
            <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Left</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        </ul>
    </div>

    <div>
        <ul class="uk-tab-right" uk-tab>
            <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Right</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        </ul>
    </div>
</div>
```

***

### Responsive

To change the default breakpoint between the vertical and horizontal alignment, just apply the `media` option to the attribute with the appropriate viewport width. Add a number in pixel, for example `media: 640`, or a breakpoint, for example `media: @m`.

```html
<ul class="uk-tab-left" uk-tab="media: @s">...</ul>
```

***

## Alignment

You can combine tabs with the [Flex component](flex.md) or the [Width component](width.md) to modify the alignment of the navigations.

```html
<ul class="uk-flex-right" uk-tab>...</ul>
```

```example
<div class="uk-margin-medium-top">
    <ul class="uk-flex-center" uk-tab>
        <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Center</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    </ul>
</div>

<div>
    <ul class="uk-flex-right" uk-tab>
        <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Right</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    </ul>
</div>

<div>
    <ul class="uk-child-width-expand" uk-tab>
        <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Justify</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
        <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    </ul>
</div>
```

***

## Tabs and Dropdown

Tabs can be used to trigger a dropdown menu from the [Dropdown component](dropdown.md).

```html
<ul uk-tab>
    <li>

        <!-- This is the menu item toggling the dropdown -->
        <a href=""></a>

        <!-- This is the dropdown -->
        <div uk-dropdown="mode: click">
            <ul class="uk-nav uk-dropdown-nav">...</ul>
        </div>

    </li>
</ul>
```

```example
<ul uk-tab>
    <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Active</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
    <li>
        <a href="#">More <span class="uk-margin-small-left" uk-icon="icon: triangle-down"></span></a>
        <div uk-dropdown="mode: click">
            <ul class="uk-nav uk-dropdown-nav">
                <li class="uk-active"><a href="#">Active</a></li>
                <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
                <li class="uk-nav-header">Header</li>
                <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
                <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
                <li class="uk-nav-divider"></li>
                <li><a href="#">Item</a></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
    </li>
</ul>
```

***

## Component options

Any of these options can be applied to the component attribute. Separate multiple options with a semicolon. [Learn more](javascript.md#component-configuration)

| Option      | Value           | Default | Description                                                                                               |
|:------------|:----------------|:--------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `connect`   | CSS selector    | `false` | Related item's container. By default, this is the next element with the 'uk-switcher' class.              |
| `toggle `   | CSS selector    | `> *`   | The toggle selector, which triggers content switching on click.                                           |
| `active `   | Number          | `0`     | Active index on init. Providing a negative number indicates a position starting from the end of the set.  |
| `animation` | String          | `false` | The space separated names of animations to use. Comma separate for animation out.                         |
| `duration`  | Number          | `200`   | The animation duration.                                                                                   |
| `swiping`   | Boolean         | `true`  | Use swiping.                                                                                              |
| `media`     | Integer, String | `960`   | When to switch to horizontal mode - a width as integer (e.g. 640) or a breakpoint (e.g. @s, @m, @l, @xl) or any valid media query (e.g. (min-width: 900px)). |

***

## JavaScript

Learn more about [JavaScript components](javascript.md#programmatic-use).

### Initialization

```js
UIkit.tab(element, options);
```

### Events

The following events will be triggered on the connected items of the elements with this component attached:

| Name         | Description                                                              |
|:-------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `beforeshow` | Fires before an item is shown. Can prevent showing by calling `preventDefault()` on the event. |
| `show`       | Fires after an item is shown.                                            |
| `shown`      | Fires after the item's show animation has completed.                     |
| `beforehide` | Fires before an item is hidden. Can prevent hiding by calling `preventDefault()` on the event. |
| `hide`       | Fires after an item's hide animation has started.                        |
| `hidden`     | Fires after an item is hidden.                                           |

### Methods

The following methods are available for the component:

#### Show

```js
UIkit.tab(element).show(index);
```

Shows the Tab item with given index.

| Name    | Type                  | Default | Description                      |
|:--------|:----------------------|:--------|:---------------------------------|
| `index` | String, Integer, Node | 0       | Tab item to show. 0 based index. |
